Qualcomm AI Engine Direct - Add QC options doc. (#8289)
google-ai-edge/LiteRT: litert/vendors/qualcomm/README.md

    B --> C[HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md<br/>Compile and execute]
    C -. "IoT target" .-> D[IOT_DEVICE_SETUP.md<br/>Flash oe-linux device]
    C -. "LPAI target" .-> E[LPAI_INSTRUCTIONS.md<br/>Always-on low-power engine]
    C -. "Custom TFLite op" .-> F[CUSTOM_OP_INSTRUCTIONS.md<br/>Build and use a QNN custom op package]
```

| Doc | Type | What it covers |
|-----|------------------|----------------|
| [PREREQUISITES.md](./doc/PREREQUISITES.md) | Always | Install the toolchain. Skip if already installed. |
| [QAIRT_SDK.md](./doc/QAIRT_SDK.md) | Always | QNN backends, platforms, and how to locate the QNN libraries (`.so`), plus QAIRT native tools. |
| [HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md](./doc/HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md) | Always | Compile and run a model: AOT on host (Bazel / CMake) and JIT on device. |

> | [IOT_DEVICE_SETUP.md](./doc/IOT_DEVICE_SETUP.md) | Conditional | Flash an IoT device (e.g. IQ-8275 / QCS8275, oe-linux or Ubuntu), then follow [Run on device (IoT device with oe-linux)](./doc/HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md#run-on-device-iot-device-with-oe-linux) in HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [IOT_DEVICE_SETUP.md](./doc/IOT_DEVICE_SETUP.md) | Conditional | Flash an IoT device (with Qualcomm oe-linux or Qualcomm Ubuntu), then follow [Run on device (IoT device with oe-linux)](./doc/HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md#run-on-device-iot-device-with-oe-linux) in HTP_INSTRUCTIONS.md. |
```
